- [Narrator] Configuring connections in our application
currently has been done, pretty much,
through a configuration class.
With Spring Boot we can provide configurations several ways.
We can do this through the application yml properties file.
We can do this through a JMS spec provider.
Implementations like using the ActiveMQ connection factory
or we can do this through
Spring's single connection factory.
We can also use Spring's Caching Connection Factory.
In ActiveMQ, API also provides a pooled connection factory,
but we won't be using it here,
because we want to focus on Spring's API's.
Spring provides sample application yml
and application properties that you can use
throughout the Spring boot for connection configurations.
I've provided a few links for further reference,
especially for configuration, because there are a lot,
and there really isn't any way
I could sit and list them all.
To configure a project to use configuration
though the application yml, we will
open our application yml file
and I'm going to copy and paste
several entries here for you.
Specifically, under the Spring entry level,
you'll need to add a new node for ActiveMQ.
Please feel free to pause the video and type them in.
For the ActiveMQ, you'll need to add a broker URL,
and we're going to specify the URL for our broker
using TCP://localhost:61616.
This is the TCP port open on ActiveMQ.
Below this, you'll have the user,
which you'll type admin and the password is admin.
Now, open up the JMS config class
and in the JMS config class, because our connection factory
will be derived from the application yml by Spring Boot,
we'll need to comment out the beam
responsible for the connection factory.
We'll do this here by...
Additionally, we'll comment out
the book order processing message listener,
as well as the JMS listener that we've overridden.
We'll not use these in this example.
Now, we also need to remove at the top the implements.
These were really only for demonstrating
how to programmatically create custom message listeners.
We won't be using these for the remainder of the project.
The last thing we need to do for this demonstration
is add an auto-wired connection factory.
I'll type auto-wired, private,
connection factory, connection factory.
Okay, by adding the properties to
the application.yml for ActiveMQ,
Spring Boot will automatically configure
both the connection factory, as well as JMS template.
The last thing I want to discuss here
is when we're setting the following properties
in the application yml.
The pooled node in our application yml
tells Spring what details should be used
for setting up and using a pooled connection factory.
Specifically setting the enabled flag to true
will cause Spring to automatically to configure
ActiveMQ's pooled connection factory.
There's one other setting I'd like to discuss
and that's in the JMS section.
And the JMS flag of pubsub domain
is automatically set to false.
If we set this to true, we'll be available
to send messages to topics as well.
If you decide to use a different mom other than ActiveMQ,
it's important to understand the alternatives
and I'll discuss that next.